README.md, before:

# Chem-Lab


An idle game about mixing chemicals. <br>
Inspired by Minecraft's Buildcraft Mod

<strong>Objective:</strong>
Mix chemicals together. Create a network of connecting pipes and tanks to separate tanks individually.

<strong> Items </strong>
- Valves                  --> Pipes that you can open and close
- Tank                    --> Stores liquid
- Pump                    --> Produces liquid
- Liquid Distributor Pipe --> Distributes liquids evenly among connecting tanks
- Liquid Sorter Pipe      --> Sorts liquids by color


<strong> Tools </strong>
- Sell Tool               --> Allows you to sell the contents of a tank


<strong> Mechanics </strong>
- A <b>shop</b> where you can buy and sell items.
- An <b>inventory</b> where you store your items.
- A <b>world</b> where you place your items.
- The ability to sort various liquids, by chemical properties
- Different chemicals that react in different ways when they are combined with each other.


<strong> TODO:</strong>
- Tanks
  - Make it so that liquids can only enter sided tanks 
      through an open side.

- Create the liquid distributor pipe
- Create the liquid sorter pipe 
- Create a class for the sell tank (extra)
- Create the shop interface (priority)
- Design the shop interface
- Connect pipes together
- Overflow mechanic: tanks spill drops over the edges
  when they have been filled too much. (extra)
- Display a miniturized graphic of the actual world object on the icons
  for an each item (extra)
- Display opening in tank when pipes are attached. (extra)
- Create a list of chemicals of various densities for each tank
- Create a home screen 
- Add the ability to move tanks
- Add the ability to buy and sell tanks
- Comment all the code.
- Increase Performance
- Big Changes
  - Convert to Raster Graphics for faster performance
- Create a test page
- Add touch screen capability

Commit message:

Multiple different fluids in a tank
You can add multiple different fluids to a tank now, and they won't mix

README.md, after:

# Chem-Lab


An idle game about mixing chemicals. <br>
Inspired by Minecraft's Buildcraft Mod

<strong>Objective:</strong>
Mix chemicals together. Create a network of connecting pipes and tanks to separate tanks individually.

<strong> Items </strong>
- Valves                  --> Pipes that you can open and close
- Tank                    --> Stores liquid
- Pump                    --> Produces liquid
- Liquid Distributor Pipe --> Distributes liquids evenly among connecting tanks
- Liquid Sorter Pipe      --> Sorts liquids by color


<strong> Tools </strong>
- Sell Tool               --> Allows you to sell the contents of a tank


<strong> Mechanics </strong>
- A <b>shop</b> where you can buy and sell items.
- An <b>inventory</b> where you store your items.
- A <b>world</b> where you place your items.
- The ability to sort various liquids, by chemical properties
- Different chemicals that react in different ways when they are combined with each other.


<strong> TODO:</strong>
- Tanks
  - Make it so that liquids can only enter sided tanks 
      through an open side. (partly done way done)
  - Make it so tanks can hold multiple different liquids of 
      different densities.

- Create the liquid distributor pipe
- Create the liquid sorter pipe 
- Create a class for the sell tank (extra)
- Create the shop interface (priority)
- Design the shop interface
- Connect pipes together
- Overflow mechanic: tanks spill drops over the edges
  when they have been filled too much. (extra)
- Display a miniturized graphic of the actual world object on the icons
  for an each item (extra)
- Display opening in tank when pipes are attached. (extra)
- Create a list of chemicals of various densities for each tank
- Create a home screen 
- Add the ability to move tanks
- Add the ability to buy and sell tanks
- Comment all the code.
- Increase Performance
- Big Changes
  - Convert to Raster Graphics for faster performance
- Create a test page
- Add touch screen capability
